#labels Featured
=Installation instructions for CodeZone match arena=


===1. Make sure you have the following installed and are in operation===
----
  * Apache webserver version 2.0 configured with PHP 5.3
  * Mysql database >= 5.0
  * Required PHP support: gd, zip and zlib

_This application works well on xampp both on windows and linux installations_

===2. Uncompress===
----
Uncompress the CZ archive and place it in the root directory of your webserver e.g /var/www/ on ubuntu or C:\wamp\www on windows

===3. Create a new database.===
----
Create a new database Call it cz or any other name you like. Upload or import (if using phpmyadmin) the
cz.sql database structure located at the top level directory of the cz folder you just extracted.
*Example commands:*
{{{
mysqladmin -u root -p create cz //Creates a new database called cz
cat cz.sql | mysql -u root -p cz //Load tables to the newly created database cz
}}}

===4. Now it's time to edit configuration.php===
----
Now it's time to edit {{{configuration.php}}} in the cz folder. Under the section database settings, set the variables
{{{
$db_user='your database user name';
$db_pass='your database password';
$db_name='the database name'; //In our case it is cz
}}} 
with the appropriate values.

===5. Set permissions of the cz root folder===
----
Set permissions of the cz root folder as follows if you are using linux
{{{
chmod -R 755 cz/
chown -R www-data:www-data cz/
}}}

===6. Launch time!!===
----
Launch time!! go to your browser and type: http://localhost/cz/ . You should see the homepage. You can login as:
username: *admin*
password: *czadmin*

===7. Post install===
----
  # Delete cz.sql
  # Set permissions of configuration.php to `700` i.e `chmod 700 configuration.php`

----
Report any bugs and improvements to: *sureronald@gmail.com*
If this installation tutorial works for you, let me know. You can drop a comment!
This is work in progress so an automated installer is coming soon!!
I'm always available for chat during east african working hours, You can drop something
by.

Happy times folks!